[OSCI] deleting folders docs/, docs-site/ and examples/ in packages/react-da… (#1067)
opensearch-project/oui: CHANGELOG.md

### 🛠 Maintenance

- Update caniuse database ([#1046](https://github.com/opensearch-project/oui/pull/1046))

> - Bump TypeScript to v4.6.4 ([#879](https://github.com/opensearch-project/oui/pull/879)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Bump TypeScript to v4.6.4 ([#879](https://github.com/opensearch-project/oui/pull/879))
```

Looks like a `)` got cut off here accidentally

Author: @BSFishy fixed the error.

- Update caniuse database ([#1046](https://github.com/opensearch-project/oui/pull/1046))
- Bump TypeScript to v4.6.4 ([#879](https://github.com/opensearch-project/oui/pull/879))

> - Cleaning up of react-datepicker([#1067](https://github.com/opensearch-project/oui/pull/1067))

Reviewer 2: To keep the language consistent with other change log messages, I would suggest saying "Clean up react-datepicker".

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Clean up `react-datepicker` package to remove unnecessary directories and files ([#1067](https://github.com/opensearch-project/oui/pull/1067))
```

Author: The last suggestion from @joshuarrrr has been incorporated in CHANGELOG.md
